at what moment of the vineyard of the cycle of
life we ​​are good you see here
I do not know if you can perceive it I think that
it's almost almost all set like
you see we have the cluster and now it's missing
wait and mature although there are some that
are pending to curdle should you
this has to become fruit and
then effectively more than in Galicia
I would say that in Rías Baixas it is true
that the pergola is the conductive system
traditional although they are already rehearsing
and doing other types of crops and in
espalier there are several reasons worth for
this one good conductive system is by
example that you already see that the plant is
absolutely vigorous they are made as
trees maybe this plant maybe
have 15 20 years have no more and can
it looks like he's 40 then
I do believe that the variety
previously to the variety another reason
important is that it can not give the
direct installation on the leaves
they would cover enough for the sun to pass
The sun reflects on the ground and helps the
maturation of the grape other then that here
as there is a smallholding you already know that
there was mayorazgo with which
they transmitted the land among all
children and then they said that for
take advantage of the land to certain kind of
crops that did not need direct sun
would be planted below and in the part of
above they would have water to become the
own wine because here is a zone of
much self-consumption the argument that to me
I really like it, because it's that
really here in during the time of
flowering it rains a lot then we lose
quite production with bleed that
not just transformed into fruit and one
of the arguments is that perhaps the
foliar film helps protect against
the rain and hail and made him lose
less production another is good because the
soil moisture that I think this
it has been shown that the soil
self-regulate well we have an ark or a
pretty small organic layer and below
there granite opens a little depended on
the area but at the end
diluted granite let's say
and with which I believe that the soil
perfectly regulates or that one of
the reasons that people usually say that
is that it is to have the grapes on high for
that are not in a very humid area that
there are no more diseases is almost more a
Legend that a reality is not a
actually they also thought that I
I forgot to comment that effectively
It is at high made the air
take the mildew that is a disease
endemic that we have here of course
for the change of humidity and sun because
we have many hours of sun despite
what rains then does indeed
generate certain types of diseases that
they believed that with the air being high
they left before but this I do not have
still enough criterion we are in
we have compared four hectares and
we have planted half vine and half of
espalier so that they are in the
same solar direction the same kind of
floor to do one thing a little more
professional and profound because what yes
it is safe to have the vineyard
trellis from a point of view of
cost is much greater mind to come so much
by surface you need land
as for the very tasks of which
is at the level of treatment and
collection and truth indeed already
just ride it
It is much more expensive than we are in
a garden
we do not have treaties as princes do not
we are used to work like this
but effectively
for the one that comes from another denomination
that is a little used to work
in a way your field this what
I would find it unthinkable
i